# ServiceSolutions-TipTracker
Testing GitHub Integration
Project Description: This project will be useful to people in the service industries. Many people work in the food industry or any other service industry such as hairstyling or barbers. These groups have a large part of their income be tips from customers, and it can be confusing to keep track of how much they make in tips combined with their hourly pay. Our app will do just that, with a few added features such as calculating weekly, monthly, yearly income averages. Another helpful tool we would implement in our app is the ability to see average income grouped by day, as some days may tend to have higher tip amounts than other based on the amount of customers who come in, or the type of customer who tends to come in at a certain day/time. These averages can also calculate how much of the percentage was in hourly wage, versus tip wages. This could stand to be helpful for servers to build a budget, as they could easily calculate their weekly and monthly income averages. We also implement a budget screen, for users to keep track of their spending, in relation to how much they make on average each week. 
Installation: We use gradle to handle our dependancies and will import the SQLite package for out database. We will be using the minimum APK Android 8.0 (Oreo) and developing using the Java language. 
To build our project you must first clone the repo: git clone git@github.com:MackenzieNelson/Capstone---ServiceSolutions-TipTracker.git
Then open Android Studio and select file open -> ServiceSolutions-TipTracker
From there you should be able to do a gradle sync automatically or force one through the Android Studio menu if it does not sync automatically. 
You should then be able to run the project either on an emulator or physical device by selecting Run -> "Run App" or debug app from the Android Studio menu.
